and of course it all goes back to the
president who digs himself deeper and
deeper every day and none of it's good
for the country and that you know is the
most important thing to go to the
country so I want to try something I
don't know if it's gonna work but I
think it might help if it does they say
I read that if you say Donald Trump's
name backwards three times you can
travel through taken time travel now
Donald Trump was born in 1946 so I
thought it might be a good idea to go
back there to help him
to warn him so I'm gonna give it a try
the land on per Mert Delano per Mert the
Lana
[Music]
look at this its baby Donald Trump ease
in here precious little one is asleep
Donny Donny wake up Uncle Jimmy I'm from
the future
hi there I have something to tell you I
have really good news for you one day
you're gonna be President of the United
States yeah isn't that crazy want to
know what else is crazy your wife you're
gonna marry a beautiful woman she's not
even born yet she's not gonna be born
for another 24 years her name is Melania
can you see Melania nah Donna I want to
give you some advice because one day
you're gonna be very rich and very
famous okay you'll have the power to
hire people and to fire people and
you're gonna love firing people I want
you to listen very closely because in
the future you're gonna fire a person
named meatloaf okay that's fine you're
gonna fire another person whose name is
Omarosa that's fine too
you've been a fire a crazed wild animal
whose name is Gary Busey that's also fun
but don't fire a man named james comey
yes because if you do he's gonna tell
everybody who wet your bed okay
[Applause]
oh my Oh somebody has a dirty diaper
here oh my god oh wow it's solid gold
isn't that amazing
oh look at that made in China
you've been doing this a long time all
right uncle Jimmy has to go bye-bye now
but one more thing I want to tell you so
you're prepared your hands aren't gonna
get any bigger than this
and I think I'm stuck in 1946 hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see all our
latest videos click the subscribe button
and if you don't click anyway and close
your eyes when they come on